## I

Talk about specific movies you had in mind. Use words like "fascinated" to describe how you felt when you watched these shows.

- fascinate
  - I have always been fascinated by other cultures. 
  - China has always fascinated me. 
  - The private lives of movie stars never fail to fascinate. 
- enthrall
  - The sculptures enthrall tourists with their ingenious construction. 
  - The DSK scandal continued to enthrall France. 

## II

### Question

What is your favourate programming language?

### Answer

Rust is my favourite programming language. It has a modern design and high security, meanwhile, it ~~has a~~ really high performance that can be ~~compare with~~ traditional system-level programming language like C/CPP.

### Feedback

Rust is my favourite programming language. It has a modern design and high security, meanwhile, it **FEATURES** really high performance that can be **COMPARED TO** traditional system-level programming languages like C/CPP.

### Summary

- When talks to programming language, it is better to use **feature ...** instead simple **has sth ...**
- [Compare To or Compare With: What’s the Difference?](https://writingexplained.org/compare-to-or-compare-with)

## III

### Question 

Talk about travel and where do you want to travel to? 

### Answer

I really love travelling but due to COVID-19 && high intense policy in China, i can't go to another place where i want to go.  I yearn for the attracting scenery in Europe, so I want to visit Europe when it is possible.

### Feedback

- use & express AND
- make a combination
  - I really love travelling but due to China's intense COVID-19 policy. 
  - I really love travelling but due to COVID-19 && high intense policy in China
- Avoid overlapping parts that are close together
  - I can't **visit** any places I want to go to. 
  - I can't **go to** any places I want to go to.

### Summary

- yearn for 
  - I yearn for the attractive scenery in Europe, so I want to visit Europe when it is possible.

